rt  winterhavensun  congratulations to   ahsbloodhounds senior abygayle rausch for starting her service to the country at the us naval acad…
meet 12 incredible young leaders appointed to us military academies from our district   hispaniccaucus…
 rt  wildlifeaction  with 1/3 of us wildlife in decline  florida species like the snowy plover need advocates  as co-sponsors for the recove… 
 rt  cheathwftv  keeping guns out of the wrong hands  following  wftv report   repdarrensoto asks atf to look into so-called ghost guns  fir… 
 rt  germienyc  ty   repdarrensoto for calling for the  hfanow to ensure workers have access to  paidsickdays no matter where they live or w… 
 behind every successful student  there s a proud community of family &amp  teachers  great to meet with  ocpsnews avalo…
rt  heardonthehill    repdarrensoto recalled playing music at the dems caucus retreat with  repjoecrowley
rt  nathanhale7476  got to meet  repdarrensoto today    classroomwhereithappens  mrbettsclass  avalonelem_ocps  gilder_lehrman  senbillnels…
rt  winterhavensun  lead story in the polk news sun with  repdarrensoto and  senbillnelson   in november voters will decide whether to auto…
 fact  24 percent of americans said they didn’t fill a prescription in the previous year because of the high cost …
americans deserve  abetterdeal on the cost of prescription drugs for our seniors — one that allows medicare to nego…
thank u  billnye for being a voice for  science &amp  our planet   sayfie  hispaniccaucus  audubonfl  sierraclubfl…
rt  reprubengallego  public comment is a responsibility federal agencies have to the public when making critical land management decisions…
 sat down with  rollcall to discuss fellowship  getting things done in congress  my band orange creek riders &amp  hikin…
rt  rvivian370  at the pulse memorial this morning representing  repdarrensoto  it was a beautiful ceremony honoring the victims and famili…
joined colleagues in opposition to trump admin adding citizenship question to  2020census  an accurate count is cri…
rt  wftv    repdarrensoto calls for regulatory reform of   ghostguns  after  9investigates  story  wftv
 thank you to millions of bright  hardworking teachers across america who are educating our next generation of leade…
rt  weareunidosus  thank you  repdarrensoto for joining us today to discuss the devastating effects the proposed cuts to snap would have on…
rt  napaba   repdarrensoto — the first puerto rican congressman from florida — brings the ☀️ to  napaba s 2018  apahm congressional recepti…
rt  romancerookie   repdarrensoto  senbillnelson  marcorubio we need to do something about this   insulin4all
rt  waelalzayat  thank you  repdarrensoto for being a good friend and an avid supporter of immigrant rights   emgagethehill  emgageaction h…
rt  emgageactionfl   repdarrensoto addressing our team as we prepare to  emgagethehill  emgageaction
rt  news6wkmg    repdarrensoto talks district 9 election with  justinwarmoth on ‘the weekly’ see the full interview here 
 trump continues anti-immigrant  anti-hispanic push by ending  tps for 57 000  hondurans - real solution is pathway…
rt  yourbarriofl  thank you  emerge_usa for hosting  repdarrensoto and myself at your…
rt  ricardorossello  también me acompañó en la entrega de estos 62 títulos de propiedad  tatacharbonier  miguel_romero_  repjorgenavarro  v…
rt  senbillnelson  got a firsthand look at the caño martín peña ecosystem restoration project in puerto rico today  this project is designe…
rt  garywhite13  signed by  repdennisross &amp   repdarrensoto but not  tomrooney 
 it’s with heavy heart that we mourn loss of maria santiago-burgos  a puerto rican survivor of  hurricanemaria  this…
 rt  garywhite13   senbillnelson   repdarrensoto discuss restoration of voting rights for felons  census questions during town hall in haine… 
rt  senbillnelson  had a good discussion tonight in haines city with  reprichmond and  repdarrensoto about amendment 4 on the november ball…
rt  yourbarriofl  at the  vamos4pr press conference and rally with  repdarrensoto celebrating…
 rt  mikewferguson  i m here in haines city for a civil rights forum  which will touch on voting rights restoration for felons  those speaki… 
rt  tbhjr   repdarrensoto i just wrote asking you to support growing  nasa s budget by 5% in 2019  let s invest in our future by investing…
rt  demsespanol  el congresista  repdarrensoto  fl-09  asistió a la celebración del festival y desfile puertorriqueño de orlando  demsatwor…
 rt  floorcharts  who  rep  darren soto  d-florida 
twitter   repdarrensoto
when  march 2018
what  dangers of burn pits
watch on c-span… 
 rt  lseabrookwftv  just received this information from  repdarrensoto s office  who had a conference call with  fema at noon 
 proud to have supported this extension effort with pr gov  ricardorossello  per  fema map  florida has the largest…
breaking  fema has extended all tsa housing vouchers thru june 30 &amp  will pay for flights back to pr   resettlement…
rt  housedemocrats    repdarrensoto  fl-09  joined orlando’s puerto rican day parade and festival   demsatwork
our prayers go out to 5 fallen puerto rican national guardsmen killed in today’s plane crash and to their families …
rt  cgagroup  yesterday  repdarrensoto visited cornerstone client  kratossatellite s expanded facility in orlando and spoke about the impor…
 garywhite13  fla_pol  tomrooney  repdennisross  garywhite13 roll call doesn’t count real estate  with nearly  200k…
rt  norml  thank you  repdarrensoto for your leadership  others can message their federal officials to join you on the ending federal marij…
 a rabbi  imam  and pastor walk into a room   to chat with me  great convo w/ orlando’s 3 wise guys  twgradio today…
 rt  garywhite13   senbillnelson will join  repdarrensoto at town hall thursday in haines city to discuss civil rights  restoration of votin… 
 rt  aacnpolicy  thank you   repdarrensoto  for cosponsoring the title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act 
 rt  demsespanol  el senador  marcorubio lo ha dicho  la fraudulenta ley fiscal republicana sólo esta ayudando a las grandes corporaciones … 
 rt  joaquincastrotx  last week  i joined  repdarrensoto and other  hispaniccaucus members in a press conference about active  military and… 
we mounted major push for fl &amp  pr to get fed disaster relief education funding  pr just got  600m but fl still need…
rt  flcitrusmutual  thanks to  repdarrensoto for joining us at our april board meeting today in bartow 
 rt  el_sentinel  ayer el downtown de orlando estuvo lleno de folklor  música y sabor con la segunda parda y festival puertorriqueño  mira l… 
attended a very inspiring  naacpocfl gala last night as we continue the fight for justice &amp  equality …
