this is not a matter of national concern worthy of hundreds of thousands of dollars  nsf should allocate its grant…
 over the last year  nsf has spent more than  300 000 of taxpayer funds studying the impact of dear colleagues lette…
today s  wastefulwednesday bill  prohibits the national science foundation from studying how members of congress interact with each other 
 my  wastefulwednesday initiative has officially launched 
i am  and each member should be  serious about cutting e…
 how can  nancypelosi say out loud that she wants to raise taxes   because of  taxreform we have 
- unemployment at…
rt  housegop  you’ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 48 states where utility bill…
rt  vp  congratulations mr  president  your strong leadership and our america first policies are paying dividends here at home and on the w…
wasn t  secpompeo just confirmed 13 days ago   northkorea
so pleased to see the good news   
rt  govtrack  h r  4301 by  repralphnorman passed the house yesterday  →senate   to designate the facility of the united states postal serv…
 during this  teacherappreciationweek  we thank and honor all of the educators for the tremendous service they provi…
 day in and day out  teachers all across the nation show extreme dedication to instilling knowledge  dreams  and pow…
 today  i introduced a h res honoring our teachers  we all remember those teachers that have deeply impacted each of…
rt  housesmallbiz  breaking  chairman  repstevechabot hails passage of 7 key bipartisan small business bills
 rt  thejakegrant  amidst the 2018  farmbill debate   darenbakst and  heritage hosted a great discussion on farm subsidies featuring  repmcc… 
i appreciate you all stopping by 
rt  foxnews  u s  ambassador to the  un  nikkihaley responds after  potus vows to withdraw from iran nuclear agreement
the  irandeal was a bad deal  i thank  potus for his decision to withdrawal the u s  from jcpoa and re-impose sanct…
 i support pres   realdonaldtrump s  rescission package  and would like to see where the democrats stand on billions…
 every day americans are forced to budget and balance their checkbooks  and it is time that the federal government d…
washington does not have an income problem  washington has a spending problem  w/  potus  historic  15bill…
 rt  housegop    secretaryross  the  taxcutsandjobsact signed into law by  potus in december is already benefiting american families  worker… 
 every day we are hearing more fantastic news because of  taxreform  when  smallbiz is strong  america is strong  ke…
excited to speak at  heritage about reforming the farm subsidy system  watch live here 
rt  heritageoth  starting farm bill subsidy event - watch online  heritage
rt  housegop  we are live with the latest on  taxreform and to tell you what’s happening in the people’s house  tune in →
pleased to see the house pass my bill to rename the fort mill post office to honor the most highly decorated enlist…
it is  teacherappreciationweek  the dedication teachers show our children everyday does not go unnoticed  thank you…
 rt  foxnews    flotus  “together  let’s encourage children to dream big  think big  and do all they can to be best in everything that they… 
if you visit    you will see even more good news because of the  taxcutsandjobsact 
 unemployment rate down  more jobs added  wages have increased 
thank you  taxreform  the economy is booming -- whi…
want to share this exciting statement with you from u s  secretary of labor  secretaryacosta 
rt  ecodevlancaster  a further look into the fab fours tour with congressman ralph norman  check out the new paint booths being installed a…
you can always learn more about what we are already seeing from the  taxcutsandjobsact by visiting…
 great sunday morning read  due to  taxreform  paychecks are increasing  that means more opportunities for you and y…
 of course  when small businesses are strong  america is strong 
 some highlights from today 

